c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\student\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Y\Desktop\课题作业\student(1)\student\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\student\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.main.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editmyissue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.first_page.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.myissueshow.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端(1)(1)\学生端(1)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all4\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(51)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月1日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月9日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月10日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月11日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(5月14日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_tea.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\all(6月6日)合并版\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\6月11日\学生端（三层架构版）\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\毕业系统(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.dll
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.pdb
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\yzq\Desktop\3班第4组(6月20日)\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe.config
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\student.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.dll
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\bin\Debug\SQLDAL.pdb
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.edit_password.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.login.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.editgroup.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.studentmain.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.mygroup.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.my_will.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.stu_message.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_issue.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.tea_show.resources
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.exe
C:\Users\CXL\Desktop\毕业设计双选系统（最终版）\学生端\student\obj\Debug\student.pdb
